yo yo yo yo yo yo word to your fucking
mother what's up he's your boy brings
Redemption and I feel great feel
fantastic I don't know I did all that
working out shit yesterday and now I got
all this fucking energy and a piper
that's ridiculous
so to convey the hyperness and giving
you a gameplay where I run around with
the g11 and I just constantly push their
spawn hope you enjoy it but um yeah I'm
really really really like the way I'm
feeling right now
like um what did I eat yesterday I woke
up I had three eggs put some cheddar
cheese on it and some Frank's Red Hot
scrambled eggs about four hours later
had five chicken fingers and then I ate
uh some uh some pre-made packaged
chicken for uh for dinner and just to
chicken itself by itself and I woke up
this morning I had a bowl of mini wheats
and I figured it's 4:50 a.m. right now
so I figured about a nine o'clock I have
some more eggs I basically did 25
minutes of weight training with a 25
pound dumbbell and I also walked on the
Riverwalk yesterday for about half hour
not as sore as I thought I'd be today
also in grocery shopping yesterday as
well so I guess you could count that is
walking as well because the walk into
grocery shop had actually fucked me up
more than the Riverwalk we just had to
push the cart and you know had to walk
back and forth down the aisles and
through monotonous
I know one thing I need to get a better
pair of shoes so if I'm doing this
walking messy but I still waiting back
on the guy to get back to me with email
on the exercise bike and some other
stuff like right now my ADHD shining
through like I have ADHD but the fact
that I'm fat as shit I always kind of
kept it in check
like right now both my legs are like
hopping because I because I just woke up
and I have all this energy and about
tired me more so what else has got on me
my Mass Effect 1 game should be coming
in the mail today so I'm gonna start to
start trying to get to the Mass Effect
series
oh speaking of other games I have took
back over War Guard YouTube it's my
backup channel everybody's uh I know
that one guy tried to pretend he had a
backup channel of mine and it got like
sixteen thousand subs my actual backup
channel is war god YouTube wor G OD YT
you can find it in my box for box I
posted the first opposed to one of my
first videos up today what I'm doing is
a let's play on Dragon Age Origins on
nightmare with a dwarf warrior a sword
and board so if you want to check that
out
hit it hit it up in my my box section on
my channel page and I look forward to
seeing you over there and this g11 is
nasty um anybody that paid attention to
pinky already me me me and woody had a
little argument this week about how
overpowered the g11 is and he's like it
well in my hands it is an overpowered I
mean but look at his gun it's insta
death watch it
look at that I'll bet by the way this is
a great spot on Summit you could sit
here and if you got a black bird up is
real easy to do because this right here
won't flip their spawn at all he just
ate a 80s right into it actually I must
go up to the beams up there I mean some
of the maps are weird someone let you
almost get really hair close to them I
watch their nose you continually spawn
back there this guy wants me bad there's
another black bird
I wish the F succeed was as good
sorry I'm I just woke up and my sizes
are kind of like dripping into the back
of my back of my head what else that can
we talk about huh oh you guys are liking
this video you should rub your eight
puppies all right so they got my puppies
I'm really scared about the guy flipped
in the flag here and here comes we're
out where we just dominate him and I
just start running back and forth back
and forth back and forth into the
helicopter
you like that that's the UH that's the
easy mode flash back into the helicopter
let's see
oh yeah I plan on doing another 25
minutes of weight training today
I don't know 25 minutes but I don't know
how I don't know how my arms will
respond to it they're back because
they're probably their little sore from
yesterday but I'm on a tip 25 minutes
and we'll still try to get ahold of the
guy with the exercise bike I'm not oh oh
yeah I remember what I wanted to talk
about now how many carbohydrates is
considered low carbohydrates for the
date because I was food shopping
yesterday and I was looking and like
some of the things had like 70 grams of
carbohydrates in them and I'm like I'm
almost 70 grams translates to but some
have zero grams like for example the
bowl of cereal I just ate probably had
41 grams of carbohydrates but it was
high in fiber so I decided to eat it
anyway I didn't bother to look what the
milk had so uh I guess I had to consider
drinking a glass of milk with the bowl
of cereal but if the milks super super
bad I could always just throw the milk
away after eating the cereal later on I
don't know I don't know what the best
course of action and that little
scenario would be I've also started
taking five or laxatives and I still
take fastings if there's a better pill
out there than fasteners I'd like to
know that as well.we but the game
looking is wrapping up right now this is
a standard domination I had on the on
the sex box
but as always has been your boy wings of
redemption and I'm signing out